MQE: make cardinality estimation work correctly with range query and range vector splitting and caching inside MQE (#16274)
grafana/mimir: docs/sources/mimir/configure/configuration-parameters/index.md

    # CLI flag: -querier.mimir-query-engine.time-splitting-and-caching.cache-unconsumed-results
    [cache_unconsumed_results: <boolean> | default = true]

  cardinality_estimation:
    # (experimental) The duration of each bucket used to store cardinality
    # estimates per selector. Only applies if running splitting and caching
    # inside MQE is enabled with
    # -query-frontend.use-mimir-query-engine-for-splitting-and-caching-results=true.
    # CLI flag: -querier.mimir-query-engine.cardinality-estimation.bucket-size
    [bucket_size: <duration> | default = 4h]

    # (experimental) The time-to-live of each cached cardinality estimate. Only
    # applies if running splitting and caching inside MQE is enabled with
    # -query-frontend.use-mimir-query-engine-for-splitting-and-caching-results=true.
    # CLI flag: -querier.mimir-query-engine.cardinality-estimation.ttl
    [ttl: <duration> | default = 168h]

    # (experimental) The maximum number of buckets to attempt to read per
    # selector. If a selector's time range queries more buckets than this limit,

>     # buckets over the entire time range are sampled (ie. the resolution is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # buckets over the entire time range are sampled (i.e. the resolution is
```

Author: Fixed in e616e5e

    # reduced). Only applies if running splitting and caching inside MQE is
    # enabled with
    # -query-frontend.use-mimir-query-engine-for-splitting-and-caching-results=true.
    # CLI flag: -querier.mimir-query-engine.cardinality-estimation.max-buckets-read-per-selector
    [max_buckets_read_per_selector: <int> | default = 168]

    # (experimental) The minimum difference from the original estimate to
    # trigger storing a new cardinality estimate in the cache. Values are a

>     # proportion of the original value (eg. a value of 0.1 means a new estimate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # proportion of the original value (e.g. a value of 0.1 means a new estimate
```

Author: Fixed in e616e5e
